VIDEO PLAYER
Authors and Creators : Aditya Nair and Priyankit Singh

GUI COMPONENTS
MenuBar - top left of GUI
	=> Media
		Open File : Opens a file selected by the user. This should be of a 
		            video type file. It is expected that the user knows whether this is a
			    correct format type video like avi, mp4 etc.
		Add audio : Adds audio component to the current selected video being played, either
			    by festival speech synthesis (user writes text) or by an existing audio file.
		Quit      : Quits the program
	=> Features
		Create Festival Speech : Creates audio overlap using text specified by the uesr.
		Add Existing Audio : Adds audio overlap using an existing audio file.	
	=> Help
		README : Access this file for additional help during use of this video player.

Slider - Allows user to move to certain section of the video. Precision movement requires holding
	 down the slider and moving to the section wanted. Or select any distance to move a fixed distance
         from the screen.
Play   - Plays/Pauses the video depending on its status

Rewind - Rewinds video
Forward - Forwards the video
Mute Button - mutes audio
Volume Slider - Set volume of the video player
Audio/Text to audio Button (the button with the file and speaker icon) - Allows user to select either adding
	  a audio overlay by either an existing audio or by text.

How to use:
Select a valid video type file to be playable in the video player. 
Select the Audio/Text to Audio button to either have text added commentary to the current playing video, or have an existing audio file being overlaid onto the video. 
Select these files from the users filesystem. 
Save the merged file to the specified location.	
		
FAQ/NOTES
If a invalid video/audio format is added to the player, the player will not recognise the format and may/maynot
play the video file. 

There is a slight delay on when the audio from text demonstrate will stop when prompted by the button.

If this video/audio file is added to the Audio/Text to audio button and the user wants to merge and error message will be shown. It is assumed that the user knows the files they are giving us are the correct format that is able to be used by this player.

There is a limit for the amount of words you can enter for the text to audio function. The limit is 30 words or a character limit of 160 (similar to a tweet). This is to ensure that festival the speech synthesiser does not start to fall of in pitch. 
